_pages/extraling.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Other work"
permalink: /extraling/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /other
---

Technical reports, preprints, and projects outside of linguistics.

## 2026
**Junghyun Min**, Nathan Schneider.
A Curious Class of Adpositional Multiword Expressions in Korean.

## 2025
**Junghyun Min**, York Hay Ng, Sophia Chan, Helena Shunhua Zhao, En-Shiun Annie Lee.
[CantoNLU: A benchmark for Cantonese natural language understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.20670).
ArXiv preprint. 2025.

Abhishek Purushothama, **Junghyun Min**, Brandon Waldon, Nathan Schneider.
[Not Ready for the Bench: LLM legal interpretation is unstable and out of step with human judgments](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.25356).
Non-archival poster presentation, NLLP at EMNLP; ArXiv preprint. 2025. [Oral presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGgZeFhUYpo&t=7275s).

**Junghyun Min**.
[산호세의 잘못된 표기 새너제이에 관하여](https://korean.go.kr/front/onlineQna/onlineQnaView.do?mn_id=216&qna_seq=321000&pageIndex=10&searchCondition=qsubject&searchKeyword=). 
온라인가나다 321000. Sep 19, 2025.

Hannah Liu, **Junghyun Min**, Ethan Yue Heng Cheung, Shou-Yi Hung, Syed Mekael Wasti, Runtong Liang, ShiYao Qian, shizhao zheng, Elsie Chan, Ka Ieng Charlotte Lo, Wing Yu Yip, Richard Tzong-Han Tsai, En-Shiun Annie Lee.
[SiniticMTError: A Machine Translation Dataset with Error Annotations for Sinitic Languages.](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.20557v1) 
Non-archival poster presentation, WQMDS at COLM 2025.

York Hay Ng, Yihe Li, Shizhao Zheng, **Junghyun Min**, and Eu-Shiun Annie Lee.
Bridging Worlds with Words: Innovations at the Lee Language Lab. Toronto Machine Learning Summit. 2025.
[Oral presentation](https://youtu.be/09KRDdTlFj4?si=HwX4wk0FXpV2PXWi&t=1387).


## 2024
Minho Lee, **Junghyun Min**, Woochul Lee, Yeonsoo Lee.
[Structured Language Generation Model for Robust Structure Prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.08971). ArXiv preprint. 2024.

**Junghyun Min**.
[문장 부호 복원을 통한 구조 이해 능력의 비지도 향상](https://ncsoft.github.io/ncresearch/195e5588d76145a5becc6052cdbf9cfa5092dcbe). NC AI Tech Blog. 2024.

Invited interviewee for [A Review of Digital Creative Industries in Asia: Opportunities and Policies to Foster Growth and Create High-Quality Jobs](https://www.adb.org/publications/review-digital-creative-industries-asia).
Asian Development Bank. Oct 2024.

## 2023
genDOC, a [wecommit.ai](https://www.wecommit.ai) prototype document assistant for paperwork automation. Daangn-Primer AI Hackathon 2023.

**Junghyun Min**.
[ㄱㄱㄱ: 견고함으로 가는 길 2](https://ncsoft.github.io/ncresearch/64da1f4997161eff97aa5d3ce09e9ad83d751a79). NC AI Tech Blog. 2023.

**Junghyun Min**.
[ㄱㄱㄱ: 견고함으로 가는 길 1](https://ncsoft.github.io/ncresearch/abb25deb34567f41e96fe4b9250719cb0f1399fe). NC AI Tech Blog. 2023.

## 2021
ai.ly, a GPT-2 based AI lyricist that composes user-custom lyrics. 2021. [Sample hip-hop song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hBXUNCaauI).

## 2020
**Junghyun Min**.
[The roots and effects of heuristics in natural langauge inference and question answering models](../files/Junghyun-Min-Masters-Thesis.pdf). 2020. Master's thesis.

## 2019
R. Thomas McCoy, **Junghyun Min**, Tal Linzen.
BERTs of a feather do not generalize together: Large variability in generalization across models with similar test set performance. 
Non-archival poster presentation, New York Academy of Sciences NLP, Dialog and Speech Symposium 2019.

## 2017
Christopher McBride, **Junghyun Min**.
[Graphene and Dirac Equations](../files/McBride-Min-Graphene_and_Dirac_Equations.pdf). 2017.

**Junghyun Min**, Giorgia Fortuna.
[What on Earth is this map? Finding a map's depicted region and projection](https://community.wolfram.com/groups/-/m/t/1157472).
Wolfram Summer School and Mentorships Project. Day of Undergrad Research, Johns Hopkins University 2017.

## 2014
**Junghyun Min**, David Williamson.
[Baltimore now and then: evolution of the Charm City and its urban land use](../files/Baltimore-Now-and-Then.pdf). 2014.

## 2013
**Junghyun Min**, Michał Les.
Atmospheric flux of the muon.
International Summer Science Heidelberg 2013, Max-Planck-Institut für Kernphysik.

Commit message:

[Chore] Update interest statement
* update interest statement
* remove SLGM preprint
* add MIT tech review interview

_pages/extraling.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Other work"
permalink: /extraling/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /other
---

Technical reports, preprints, and projects outside of linguistics.

## 2026
**Junghyun Min**, Nathan Schneider.
A Curious Class of Adpositional Multiword Expressions in Korean.

## 2025
Co-interviewee with Abhishek Purushothama for [AI might not be coming for lawyers' jobs anytime soon](https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/12/15/1129181/ai-might-not-be-coming-for-lawyers-jobs-anytime-soon/).
MIT Technology Review. Dec 2025.

**Junghyun Min**, York Hay Ng, Sophia Chan, Helena Shunhua Zhao, En-Shiun Annie Lee.
[CantoNLU: A benchmark for Cantonese natural language understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.20670).
ArXiv preprint. 2025.

Abhishek Purushothama, **Junghyun Min**, Brandon Waldon, Nathan Schneider.
[Not Ready for the Bench: LLM legal interpretation is unstable and out of step with human judgments](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.25356).
Non-archival poster presentation, NLLP at EMNLP; ArXiv preprint. 2025. [Oral presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGgZeFhUYpo&t=7275s).

**Junghyun Min**.
[산호세의 잘못된 표기 새너제이에 관하여](https://korean.go.kr/front/onlineQna/onlineQnaView.do?mn_id=216&qna_seq=321000&pageIndex=10&searchCondition=qsubject&searchKeyword=). 
온라인가나다 321000. Sep 19, 2025.

Hannah Liu, **Junghyun Min**, Ethan Yue Heng Cheung, Shou-Yi Hung, Syed Mekael Wasti, Runtong Liang, ShiYao Qian, shizhao zheng, Elsie Chan, Ka Ieng Charlotte Lo, Wing Yu Yip, Richard Tzong-Han Tsai, En-Shiun Annie Lee.
[SiniticMTError: A Machine Translation Dataset with Error Annotations for Sinitic Languages.](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.20557v1) 
Non-archival poster presentation, WQMDS at COLM 2025.

York Hay Ng, Yihe Li, Shizhao Zheng, **Junghyun Min**, and Eu-Shiun Annie Lee.
Bridging Worlds with Words: Innovations at the Lee Language Lab. Toronto Machine Learning Summit. 2025.
[Oral presentation](https://youtu.be/09KRDdTlFj4?si=HwX4wk0FXpV2PXWi&t=1387).


## 2024
**Junghyun Min**.
[문장 부호 복원을 통한 구조 이해 능력의 비지도 향상](https://ncsoft.github.io/ncresearch/195e5588d76145a5becc6052cdbf9cfa5092dcbe). NC AI Tech Blog. 2024.

Invited interviewee for [A Review of Digital Creative Industries in Asia: Opportunities and Policies to Foster Growth and Create High-Quality Jobs](https://www.adb.org/publications/review-digital-creative-industries-asia).
Asian Development Bank. Oct 2024.

## 2023
genDOC, a [wecommit.ai](https://www.wecommit.ai) prototype document assistant for paperwork automation. Daangn-Primer AI Hackathon 2023.

**Junghyun Min**.
[ㄱㄱㄱ: 견고함으로 가는 길 2](https://ncsoft.github.io/ncresearch/64da1f4997161eff97aa5d3ce09e9ad83d751a79). NC AI Tech Blog. 2023.

**Junghyun Min**.
[ㄱㄱㄱ: 견고함으로 가는 길 1](https://ncsoft.github.io/ncresearch/abb25deb34567f41e96fe4b9250719cb0f1399fe). NC AI Tech Blog. 2023.

## 2021
ai.ly, a GPT-2 based AI lyricist that composes user-custom lyrics. 2021. [Sample hip-hop song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hBXUNCaauI).

## 2020
**Junghyun Min**.
[The roots and effects of heuristics in natural langauge inference and question answering models](../files/Junghyun-Min-Masters-Thesis.pdf). 2020. Master's thesis.

## 2019
R. Thomas McCoy, **Junghyun Min**, Tal Linzen.
BERTs of a feather do not generalize together: Large variability in generalization across models with similar test set performance. 
Non-archival poster presentation, New York Academy of Sciences NLP, Dialog and Speech Symposium 2019.

## 2017
Christopher McBride, **Junghyun Min**.
[Graphene and Dirac Equations](../files/McBride-Min-Graphene_and_Dirac_Equations.pdf). 2017.

**Junghyun Min**, Giorgia Fortuna.
[What on Earth is this map? Finding a map's depicted region and projection](https://community.wolfram.com/groups/-/m/t/1157472).
Wolfram Summer School and Mentorships Project. Day of Undergrad Research, Johns Hopkins University 2017.

## 2014
**Junghyun Min**, David Williamson.
[Baltimore now and then: evolution of the Charm City and its urban land use](../files/Baltimore-Now-and-Then.pdf). 2014.

## 2013
**Junghyun Min**, Michał Les.
Atmospheric flux of the muon.
International Summer Science Heidelberg 2013, Max-Planck-Institut für Kernphysik.
